Update the connectivity proxy sample (#548)
SAP-samples/kyma-runtime-extension-samples: connectivity-proxy/README.md

> # Connectivity: Accessing a Workload in the Corporate Network From SAP BTP, Kyma Runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Connectivity: Accessing a Workload in the Corporate Network or on-premise system from SAP BTP, Kyma Runtime
```

## Context

> If you want to access a workload in the corporate network from SAP BTP, Kyma runtime, you can use Connectivity Proxy from SAP BTP, Connectivity. SAP BTP, Connectivity also provides Cloud Connector service channels to connect your on-premises network to specific services on SAP BTP, Kyma runtime.

Reviewer: We can either leave this part out as this sample is for cloud to on-premise. servcie channels are about on-premise to cloud.

or clearly state why service channels are used and link to that other sample

> The sample demonstrates the use of Cloud Connector from within SAP BTP, Kyma runtime and includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample demonstrates accessing the workloads / apis on an on-premise or corporate network from SAP BTP, Kyma runtime and includes:
```

## Prerequisites

- SAP BTP, Kyma runtime instance
- [curl](https://curl.se/)
- [Kubernetes tooling](../prerequisites/README.md#kubernetes)
- The service plan **connectivity_proxy** of the **connectivity** service is assigned to your subaccount as an entitlement. For more information, see [Configure Entitlements and Quotas for Subaccounts](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/configure-entitlements-and-quotas-for-subaccounts?version=Cloud).

   > [!NOTE]
   > For subaccounts created after February 15, 2024, this entitlement is assigned automatically.

- You have the Istio, SAP BTP Operator, Serverless, and Connectivity Proxy modules added. For more information, see [Adding and Deleting a Kyma Module](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/enable-and-disable-kyma-module?version=Cloud).

## Procedure

### Provisioning Connectivity Proxy in the Kyma Runtime

1. Export the environment variable.

   ```bash
   export NS=<your namespace> # e.g. default
   ```

2. Enable Istio sidecar proxy injection in your namespace.

   ```shell
   kubectl label namespaces ${NS} istio-injection=enabled
   ```

> 3. Create a service instance and a service binding of the Connectivity Proxy service. Once the service instance and the service binding are detected by the Kyma Control Plane, the Connectivity Proxy service is provisioned in the **kyma-system** namespace.

Reviewer: this is not required as these steps are done via enabling the connectivity proxy module now

   ```shell

>    kubectl -n ${NS} apply -f ./k8s/connectivity-proxy-instance.yaml

Reviewer: same as above

   ```

**Result**

> The Kyma Control Plane provisioned the Connectivity Proxy service and generated the **connectivity-proxy-0** Pod. You can access the service from within the Kyma runtime using the **connectivity-proxy.kyma-system.svc.cluster.local:20003** URL or check if the Pod exists by running:

Reviewer: something like once the module is enabled,

   - Choose **Save**.

### Deploying the Kyma Function

The provided sample Function calls the on-premise sample application by proxying the call via the **connectivity-proxy**. Within the `function.yaml` code you can find this in the **proxy** object definition of the **axios** get call. The **cc_url** defines the URL to call as was defined in the virtual host/port specified in Cloud Connector.

1. Deploy the sample Function and APIRule custom resources found in the **k8s** directory:

   ```shell
   kubectl -n ${NS} apply -f function.yaml
   kubectl -n ${NS} apply -f apirule.yaml
   ```

2. Open the APIRule in your namespace. In Kyma dashboard, go to **Discovery and Network -> API Rules** and choose the **host** of the **cc-sample** APIRule. The expected response should be similar to this one:

   ```json
   {
     "OrderNo": "19",
     "createdBy": "Internal Inc.",
     "buyer": "The Buyer Co.",
     "currency": { "code": "EUR" },
     "Items": [
       { "product_ID": "943735", "quantity": 6, "title": "familiar", "price": 12 }
     ]
   }
   ```

### Using curl to Test the Connection

1. Create an interactive Pod with curl installed.

   ```shell

>    kubectl run curl --image=radial/busyboxplus:curl -i --tty

Reviewer: we can use the official curl image: https://hub.docker.com/r/curlimages/curl
